NEXT-14360 - Build Action Button messaging system (#307)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/apps/administration/add-custom-action-button.md

Again you can verify the authenticity of the incoming request, like with [webhooks](../app-base-guide.md#webhooks), by checking the `shopware-shop-signature` it too contains the sha256 hmac of the request body, that is signed with the secret your app assigned the shop during the [registration](../app-base-guide.md#setup).

The app could return a response with an empty body.

> In other way, the app should return a response with a valid body and the header `shopware-app-signature` contains the sha256 hmac of the whole response body signed with and the app secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to trigger an action inside the administration upon completing the action, the app should return a response with a valid body and the header `shopware-app-signature` contains the sha256 hmac of the whole response body signed with and the app secret.
If you do not need to trigger any actions, a response with a empty body is also always valid.
```

Examples response body:
```json
{

>   "actionType": "openNewTab",

Reviewer: please explain each action type in short.
e.g. 
```
To open a new tab in the users browser you can use the `openNewTab` action type. You need to pass the url that should be openend as the `redirectUrl` property inside the payload.
```

and add similar descriptions to the other cases

Again you can verify the authenticity of the incoming request, like with [webhooks](../app-base-guide.md#webhooks), by checking the `shopware-shop-signature` it too contains the sha256 hmac of the request body, that is signed with the secret your app assigned the shop during the [registration](../app-base-guide.md#setup).

> If you want to trigger an action inside the administration upon completing the action, the app should return a response with a valid body and the header `shopware-app-signature` contains the sha256 hmac of the whole response body signed with and the app secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to trigger an action inside the administration upon completing the action, the app should return a response with a valid body and the header `shopware-app-signature` containing the sha256 hmac of the whole response body signed with the app secret.
```
sorry didn't saw the typos ealier

If you do not need to trigger any actions, a response with an empty body is also always valid.

> 

Reviewer: please add a hint that this feature was added in 6.4.3.0
```md
{% hint style="info" %}
This feature was added in Shopware 6.4.3.0, previous versions will ignore the response content.
{% endhint %}
```
